Enter next live interactive play-at-home game the slime-time sweepstakes
Wow!
Enter tonight on SNCC
Let's do it
Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to SNCC
We can just go
Boy, I really did it last night
Got drunk, acted stupid, went home with... with...
Who is that? What am I stupid?
How did I do this?
Barry began to worry, really worry
Didn't remember
Hey, I'm just a cartoon
I don't even have to show it
Get high, get stupid, get AIDS
Let me see
I love video scavenger hats
Let's roll
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand
Got it
Twins?
Well, I always see twins
And McDonald's
Oh
Spotted dogs
Hey
A rock group
For me
Red convertible
I always see red convertible
At McDonald's
Hey, we're doing great
We're doing great
Look, twins
Hi, Mark
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's
But why don't you say something?
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing
Helping old ladies cross the street
Hanging with your phone
Or cleaning your room
But get real
You'd rather be playing video games
You can rent them from Blockbuster
They've got more video games for red
Than anyone in the world
And now, every Blockbuster's getting tons of the coolest new video games
And you can play for three whole evenings
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
Part of a complete breakfast
Kellogg's come to Christmas
Even turns the milk chocolatey
With every bite
So chocolatey
Oh, everybody wants my
Dove on Christmas
What's making these watermelons wiggle?
New watermelon gel
Wiggle wiggle
Gel
Who the taste of watermelon
Is in new gel
Watermelon gelative
It's wigalicious
Hey, hey
Nope
You can have your fun
I need it too
Nick Mania is welcome, freshman Mania
More Merve Man
More Lipman
More Cushman
What's Nick Mania?
Tomorrow on Nick
Welcome to Snick
Saturday Night Nickelodeon
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
On Monday Morning
There are many mysteries of modern science
How small is the smallest particle?
What's the cure for the common cold?
And who can explain this?
It's baffling, it's befuddling
It's known to great minds around the globe
As the boy brain
Nobody knows for sure what makes it tick
But it seems to operate in three distinct sections
First, there's the Sarah Bottomless Pideus
This controls the most active single drive
In the boy brain
The urge to eat
The inarticulous major
This is the part that connects
What a boy is thinking
To what a boy is saying
With her hair like that
She really looks cute
She looks great
She looks beautiful
What are you thinking?
Are you hungry?
They're still working out the kinks on that one
Then there's the built-in hyperlocomotus
This controls high motor skills
Like running, jumping, air guitar
But not always at the same time
So that's about it for my research
On the boy brain
But beware
My theory is that when one boy brain
Is placed within close proximity
To another boy brain
The total brainlessness can occur
He's stuck all
Great eyes
Walks funny
He is goofy
He's cute
Okay, I give him a six
Seven
Six point five
Done
We must be bored if we're actually reduced
To rating cute seniors
Hey, better a cheap thrill than no thrill at all
Besides, next up is
Clifford Spleenherfer
You can't rate Clifford
Why not?
Well, he's kind of
Fools
Blind, pitiable fools
First I print the wit and wisdom
Of Ferguson W. Darling
Then I strategically place
A hundred copies around the school for distribution
How will my voice be heard
If no one dares to listen?
I'm sorry, did you say something?
So Clifford, what have you been up to?
Same as always
Detention of the doughnut huts
I wish
Every day it's the same thing
Kids follow me, ask me stuff
It takes hours
Sometimes they even form a line by the bike rack
I thought the whole school was afraid of you
That's the problem
I don't get it
It's always Clifford
How do I scare my little brother?
Clifford, how do I fake my parent's signature?
Clifford, where can I find an affordable pair of brass knuckles?
It's a big responsibility
And responsibility always does one thing to me
Makes you hungry?
How'd you guess?
Are you still here?
I know I'm gone
I have watched Godzilla, Jaws and Aliens
A combined total of 367 times
And how will now watch Clifford eat?
Adieu
So, what do you think?
Pizza?
Sure
It's that old Sarah Bottomless pittiest again
You know, understanding parts of Clifford's personality
Is as easy as pie
As in large with extra cheese
Pepperoni, onions
Clifford, how do you still be eating you just devoured a pizza?
I don't know
But nothing makes me hunger than downing a couple of slices
Okay, you can relax now, it's all set
What are you talking about?
Get ready for the biggest television event
Since McNeil met Lair
Why, something good on me?
Not yet, but there will be
In fact, I just cut a deal with the local cable access company
You mean you paid the standard fee for public access
That anyone can pay?
Maybe
Bottom line, every day for the next week
I will own run and operate
My very own public access television series
I can see it now
The all-dweeb network
You're going to star on TV?
No, you're going to star on TV
Me?
Him?
You baby, you
Cliff, here's the pitch, Cliff
Can I call you Cliff?
No
Dissicent
I like that
Cliff, I heard about your little problem
The kids are nuts about you
They want to hear you speak
Put together my brains and your...
self
And I think we're looking at 3B Entertainment
3B?
Big, big, big
Big
Cliff, what do you say?
Give it up
I don't know
TV?
Sounds like a lot of work
Work?
A mere 15 minutes a day
I'll compare that with the time
You'd spend giving advice at the schoolyard
Let's see, 15 minutes on TV a day
Or 9 hours by the bike rack each week
That's...
Well, it's got to be less, right?
Perk number one, Cliff
You can stop listening any time
Be on my show
And I'll give you free donuts
A primo parking space for your bike
And maybe even school credit
Free donuts
He can't deliver half the stuff he's promising
Think of all the babes who'll be watching
Free donuts and babes
Hey, hey, hey
Clifford, I can't believe you'd even think about doing this
Say you'll do it
I'll do it
Excellent
Stick with me, kid
I'm gonna make you a star
Great
Whenever Ferguson gets near something I like
It always ends up making me sick
Well, it's only for a week
How much damage can he do in a week?
Are you sure you don't want any help with that?
Ferguson, for the millionth time
This is a delicate piece of equipment
And it has to be used in a very special way
Okay?
Now, if I can only remember what that way is
Boy, this thing's a lot trickier than it looks
All right
Oh
Here we go
Well, it's a lot trickier than it looks to me anyway
Well, if it don't work, plug it in
So, what do I do?
Just love the camera
Okay
Whoa, whoa, hold the phone
This is a close set
Oh, come on, Ferguson
All right, but if you're here just to make fun
You're gonna have to leave
Please, we're here for emotional support
You ready, Ferguson?
Break a leg
Okay, ready, Cliff?
Stay loose, big guy
Be who you are because you're the most qualified
Got it?
I guess
Okay
Uh, ready and action
Action means go
Oh, okay
We'll try it again
Ready and go
Okay
Clifford, go means do something
I am doing something
I'm being myself
Yes, yes, true
True, great
But, um, this time do whatever you're doing
Only do it out loud
Say whatever you're thinking
Oh
Okay
Uh, do something
Hey, you ever wonder how come Spick can hang out of your mouth?
I mean, like, just before it hit your little sister
You suck it back up
How come that isn't recognized as an organized sport?
I mean, Sanker and I swimming is
Well, you can do it after school
Those places, so why not cool stuff like dribbling spit?
Great, Cliffy, great
Um, Mom, Dad, what did you think?
Well, um, I've always been a fan of free-form poetry
I thought it was very descriptive
Yeah
So, what'd you think?
Pretty great, huh?
Um, I don't know about this, Clifford
I mean, is that really the way you wanna look on TV?
Okay, okay, I'll comb my hair
But I'm not using moose
No, no, Clifford, you don't understand
Um, I think this could be a big mistake
The whole show?
The whole show
That's just because you're a girl
Ferguson is right
There are forces trying to keep the male point of view off TV
I hate to be critical, but that was totally beat
They're gonna look like fools
It's nothing new for Ferguson
Clifford, his only hope is a quick cancellation
Clarissa, it's on, it's on
Oh, I can't watch
It's Boy Thoughts starring Ferguson Darling
and Clifford Spleenhofer
Perfer
A thousand pardons
I can't believe it, that's your brother
He's even more impulsive than he is in person
Thank you, I'm Ferguson Darling and this is Boy Thoughts
On my left is the fella you know, respect, and soon will speak with, directly
Mr. Clifford Spleenhofer
And now, here's Clifford
Say hello, Clifford
Anytime today, big fella
It's a two syllable word, it starts with an H
Hi, it's a start
Poor Clifford, you tried to warn him
Okay, let's start with something you're a little more comfortable with
Cliff, forget about the camera
What's on your mind?
Soup
What?
I hate soup
You can't chew it, you can't drink it
And it never fills you up
Soup, total ripoff
And you know what else?
Don't let me stop you
They ought to have this big contest
When a winner gets to set off this huge mudslide
Using dynamite
That'd be cool
You know why you'd enter
And there's still one thing I can't figure out
Lay it on me
Okay, the crew on Star Trek is pretty tough, right?
Could they beat the Dallas Cowboys?
In football?
Yeah, but then a fight
Afterward, you know, to make it even
This is scary, is that all guys think about?
I have four brothers, if you think that's bad
You should hear the way they talk about girls
Now, Cliff, let's talk about girls
Okay
You know what bugs me about them?
Why do they always giggle so much
When all that I said was high?
I don't get it
And why do they always go to the mall in packs?
Do they get discounts for that?
These are the questions that matter
But now, Cliff, isn't there something
That really bugs you about girls?
Like what?
Oh, I don't know
Let's keep it hypothetical
Now, say for instance that you knew a girl named
Blurrissa
Uh-huh
And say she had this friend
What we'll call her Bolivia
Got it
Okay
Now, say these two girls actually made a list
That ranked cutes in your voice
Outdated practice, you say
Well, say this list actually looked like this
Can I get a close-up here?
How'd they get that?
I thought you threw it out
I thought you did
Now, Cliff
As the voice of our generation
What do you call these two
Loneheads?
Yeah, totally
Okay
You heard it here first
Straight from Clifford himself
Blurrissa and Bolivia
Boneheads
That's all the time we have for today
Tune in tomorrow
Assuming you're going to live that long
Two boy gods
Bye-bye
Boy thoughts is owned, run, and operated
By Ferguson Darling
Any resemblance of anyone to anyone living or dead
Is purely coincidental
Hey, Bolivia
Yeah, Blurrissa
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Yep
When Frigma gets home
His resemblance to anyone dead
Will not be coincidental
More Clarissa
More Snake
After this
Think of all the mature, responsible things
You could be doing
Helping old ladies
Cross the street
Proudly maintaining your yard
Hanging with your folks
Or cleaning your room
But get real
You'd rather be playing video games
You can rent them from Blockbuster
They've got more of the coolest
New Nintendo
Super Nintendo
And Sega Genesis games
For rent than anyone in the world
So dudes
Why not get your game to Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
There's a hunger
You're hot
The sun is intense
You need something to take the heat off
So you go for a refreshing
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Rich, creamy ice cream
With all the great taste of Snickers
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Domino's is going wacky
Are you aware?
I don't know
Gotta get Kool-Aid
With every medium-large Domino's pizza order
Should I buy a medium-large?
Yes, and get free Kool-Aid
30 points in an order form for free stuff
Say what?
A free two quart pack of Kool-Aid sugar sweetened drink mix
30 Kool-Aid points in a fun wacky warehouse order form
With any medium-large Domino's pizza order
Order in the car
I'll have a yummy pepperoni delivered in 30 minutes
Wow, that's something for nothing
The pizza got something, the rest is nothing
Not that something
It's like nothing you've ever seen
Because it is nothing you've ever seen
It's an all new scary tale on
Are you afraid of the dark?
Tonight on Snick
You're watching
Snick
And now back to Clarissa
Explains it all
Okay, it wasn't bad enough
I got humiliated on television
But now, the impossible has happened
Boy thoughts is a hit
All week long I've been having the feeling
This is leading up to something big
Brought to you by Ferguson's tiny little brain
Here's a look at the countdown so far
On Tuesday they explored their innermost
Thoughts and feelings on beverage products
Oh, five seconds even
Now that's what I call a quality burp
It says pie carbonation
And just the right amount of syrup
And a classic can taste
Then Wednesday
Clifford spoke directly with his fans
On the phone we have Billy from Idle Park
Billy, what's your question for Clifford?
My brother farted in my face
And it made me really angry
What should I do?
Does he have toy trucks?
Sure, he loves that stuff
Does your dad have a toolbox?
Yeah
Okay, listen carefully
First you take the
Thursday rating skyrocketing
As Clifford went into true confessions mode
I keep having this dream
Where I'm late for school and I'm running
You know, to catch up to the school bus
And I'm not wearing any pants
One day, I'm just gonna do it
And then, you know
I won't keep having this dream anymore
That was beautiful, man
On Friday they ran out of things to talk about
So they introduced Science Corner
Where Clifford tested how far he could make
Captain Action fly
Using nothing but his wits, a lighter
And his brother's old chemistry set
Meanwhile, Olivia and I
Are still working on a way to get back at them
She's out at the cable company right now
Demanding equal time
As for boy thoughts, tonight's the big show
The show Ferguson claims will be the ultimate episode
Personally, I'm afraid to think about the possibilities
Hey, Clarissa
Hey, Olivia
How'd it go?
Not so hot
The cable access people are booked
Solid
Mimsy Dimmesdale's packed the last decent time slot
What's Mimsy Dimmesdale gonna do with
A show for stupid stuffed animal collection?
Cheers
We'll all scratch our plans for getting on TV
Yeah
Uh-oh
Ego swelling on the horizon
I'll catch you later
So
Which one do you think?
Which one do I think what?
Should I wear it for the show tonight?
I don't know, Cliff, they're both so pungent
Thanks
Are you mad about something?
What? Me?
No
Mad?
Why?
Yeah, I am
All I've been doing this whole week is boy thoughts
So what?
So you've been doing it with Ferguson
You two don't belong together
It's like pizza and sauerkraut
I eat that
No, you don't understand
I don't like what you're becoming
He's manipulating you
Hey, I go my own way
You might be going it alone without me
I might want to think about that
All right
I will
But right now I gotta split
What?
Sorry, sis, that's showbiz
That does it
As far as I'm concerned
That boy's out of this girl's thoughts
For good
Can I ask you something?
Shoot
Well, basically, it's about the difference between boys and girls
Oh, well, we can talk about that again if you want
See, when a man and a woman love each other
No, Mom
We already had that talk
This is about...
Well, what do you do when you get really mad at somebody?
Well, it depends how mad you are and who you're mad at
Pretty mad, and Clifford
This would have ended with boy thoughts, would it?
Yeah
I mean, look at what he's become
Well, sweetheart, we don't necessarily know what he's become
Maybe he'll pass right through this on his way
To becoming something you'll like
Maybe
Is there any way to make sure that?
Well, if you really care
The best way I know how to influence someone
Is to stick around him
So you think I should give him another chance?
Couldn't hurt
Okay, but just one
Well, there you go
And he better not blow it
Well, he's blowing it
Clifford was supposed to meet me here ten minutes ago
And he's late
Waiting for Cliff? That could take a while
What?
Hey, Wardrobe and makeup calls
Clifford doesn't wear makeup
And his wardrobe consists of the same T-shirt, jean and boot ensemble
He's worn since his sixth grade
Not tonight, he won't
I've got some very important people coming to tonight's taping
We hit a big end
We could go national
Good, let's hope that nation is Brazil
Yeah, you'll say you knew me when
Are you kidding? I'm sorry, I know you now
The show can't possibly go on national TV
Ferguson and Clifford in front of the whole country
Night after night after night
Now we're back again with Bobo the psychic monkey
The psychic monkey, ladies and gentlemen
Now, I understand that you can't stay
And now our next guest is the author of the book
Everyone is talking about
The world according to Clarissa
Yes, indeed
Now, Ferg
Ferg, that wasn't even a joke
Makes no difference to me
Alright then, let's bring her out
Meet Miss Clarissa Darling
Tell us about your book
Well, Clifford, I've always been interested in expressing myself
And I thought this was a good opportunity
Oh, I'm sorry, that's all the time we have for now
Good night
That doesn't
Clifford's had his chance
I'm going out of the studio, let him know we're through
Live and in person
I like it
It speaks to me, it says
Rush Limbaugh
This must be the place
So this is where the magic happens
Yeah, right?
You going to tell him now or after the show?
I don't want to hang around here
I think I'll get it over with
Alright, here's the topics for tonight, big guy
Stick to him like cheese on a burger
Written down?
You never had to write them down before
Relax, it's just for tonight
You know, for the sponsors
Now if you'll excuse me
I got a pre-tape from commercials
Commercials?
That's right, sis
I got sponsors lined up from here to next Tuesday
You ready, Ralphie?
You got it, chief
In five, four, three, two, and...
Good evening, I'm Ferguson Darling
With the word from our first sponsor
Puppo, the dog food that fights plaque
Clifford, I have to talk to you about something
It's about us
Huh?
Okay, in just a minute though
What is this stuff?
Who cares? I'm trying to tell you something
This stuff does look familiar
What do you mean?
Clifford, this is the same stuff that was in the
Witten Wisdom of Ferguson W. Darling
That stupid newsletter, Ferguson printed up
And nobody wanted to read
My thoughts on stamp collecting
My thoughts on state capitals
My thoughts on savings
I don't think about any of this stuff
It all makes sense
Ferguson creates this popular show
With this popular puppet boy
And once he's got a big, fat audience
Boy thoughts becomes furg thoughts
Okay, I know just what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna pound him
And remember, clean is a hound's tooth
Never meant so much until there was Puppo
We'll be right back with our show
One down, eleven to go
Alright Cliff, baby, you ready to do your stuff?
You bet!
You little creep
You just wanted me to read your little newsletter, didn't you?
You didn't care about my thoughts
Just my status
My aura, my cachet, my je ne sais quoi
Right, Clarissa, he does have a vocabulary
Clifford, you really don't want to hurt me, do you?
Oh, yes, I do
Now what would hurt the most?
Try his ego
Yeah, I think you might be right
You're on in fifteen seconds
Verguad
Goodbye
Where are you going?
I'm leaving the show
Call it creative differences
You'll never work in this town again
Five seconds
Oh, that's okay
People respond to me
I'm here, no problem
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
And five, four, three, two
Good evening, I'm Ferguson Darling
With our new and improved boy thoughts
Now let's get down to the topics you want to talk about
Topic number one
Jess, the manly advantage
Don't be shy, call it now
Tell me what you think
Yes
What happened to Cliff?
Eyes on hiatus
You want infotainment?
Talk to me
Next caller
Lines are open
Uh, anytime today, folks
Five dollars to the next caller
Now we're talking
Boy thoughts
No, let's see my little man on television
Man, Dory, jeez
Wrong number
Excuse me
Please, you gotta help me
I got twelve sponsors out there
I gotta deliver something, anything
Hey, we got dead air time here
Please, I'm begging
Begging with dignity
Yes, but begging
Ah, please
I love making them do that
After you, after you
Regularly scheduled programming will not be seen tonight
So we can bring in the special presentation
Welcome to Not a Thought Between Us
Starring Clarissa Darling and Olivia Dupre
Tonight's topic, the boy brain
Threat or menace
Call it now and let us know what you think
Hi, Mom, hi Dad
Hi guys, how was the movie?
I liked it, but they didn't blow up enough cars
For Clifford's taste
How can they not blow up cars?
It's a movie
I bet you kids get swamped everywhere you go
Now that you're big deal TV stars
X TV stars
I'm through with boy thoughts
Besides, we're yesterday's news
You should see what everybody's into now
Slush Thoughts starring Mimsy Dimmesdale
I don't get it myself
But the kids love it
We're talking for be entertainment here
Plush Thoughts?
Don't look at me, Mom
When it comes to the TV
I'm glad to be off the air
Clarissa explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon Studios
At Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida
Get with the programs
Keep snicking
The one with pipe
So leave your later hose and home
And make a fashion statement on your arm
On your leg
Or on your
head
With Mark Twos from Mark's Rude Beer
The one with Mark Twos
If they dodge or catch the ball
Give them one of yours
First with six bands wins
Hey, how about a little excitement?
Yeah, okay
How about a little more?
Yeah, sure
Sweet talks
Because a little excitement can't hurt
Hey, how about a little excitement?
Yeah, okay
How about a little more?
Yeah, sure
Sweet talks
Because a little excitement can't hurt
Sugar bears after my golden crisp cereal
Oh, no, you don't
Sugar bears
After a little spin, ran
Golden crisp
Nothing comes between my tummy
And the honey wheat taste of golden crisp
It's part of a complete breakfast
Free!
A set of 30 baseball player cards
Home run hitters, hot rookies
It's a home run offer
Free from Golden Crisp
For any post cereal
With any five proofs of purchase
Postage and handling
Come on, let's do this, Snick
And stay near the phone
Because we're about to show you
This special slime time sweep steak number
That's right
The only way to enter is only minutes away
And it's only on Snick
Fun never ends
As long as I'm music
Games to play
Kid has always played them, too
Scissors, cut paper
Yeah, but rock, smash, and scissors
Of course, as long as there have been games
There have been those who try to cheat
Scissors, cut paper
It was a rock
It was just a spread out rock
Then, of course, there are those
Who make their own rules
Rock, smash, and scissors
Um, not these scissors
These are super nuclear power scissors
With rock crushing laser tips
Even with all this
Games are still intended to be fun
Except for the games people play
With the feelings of other people
We have names for the people
Who play these games
There are anatomical names
We can't say on TV
But do you know who they are?
The chemistry club will not meet
Until repairs are made
Due to last week's meeting
Donations of Mr. Gilmour's plastic surgery
Are still being accepted
Popular girls club
You're gonna meet Jennifer's beamer
So we can show exactly how
Unpopular
Silver walked into the school cafeteria
And realized
I'm gonna have to sit alone
For all you solitary diners
There's chum in a drum
I'm all alone but that's okay
Cause I've got chum in a drum
Complete with decorative half-eaten lunches
Notebooks filled with private
For your eyes only notes
And incredibly cool jackets
To place in the tables and chairs near you
Wow
Chum in a drum also comes with a book
Of phrases you can yell out
To your invisible friends
Hey, Tawny, while you're up
Get me a Twinkie
Oh, Lance, Brent, your Potato Zog Rotten
Are getting cold
Can I join you?
Uh, sorry
These seats are taken
That's right
With chum in a drum
Only you have to know
How really unpopularly you are
Also comes an extra strength
For members of the audio-visual club
You need a ride home or something?
No, my traveling music's just late
Maybe tomorrow
Oh, forget it
I mistook you for someone popular
Hey, Ki, have you seen Dad?
I have something to talk to him about
No way
I get him first
Hey, Dad
Can I spend the night at Jimmy's?
Dave's dad is letting him
Well, son, if Dave's dad
Let him jump off a cliff
Does that mean I should push you?
Uh, let you?
Welcome to Jeopardad
I'm your host, Alice Correct
Jeopardad is a game where you try to get
A straight answer from your father
But he always phrases his answer
In the form of a question
Here's our reigning champion
Hi, I'm the dad
And I take the blame
For bringing the city into the world
And I'm the snot-nosed little brat
Who's nothing but trouble
Let's get right to the game, shall we?
Today's categories are
Lazy boys
Cheap beers of the world
When I was your age
Father, son, talks and finally
Finger-pulling fun
Go first, young man
I'll take father, son, talks for a hundred, please
The answer is no
What is, do I look like I'm made out of money?
Correct
Uh, let's see
Father, son, talks for two hundred
The answer is because
She'll say no, too
What is, why don't you go ask your mother?
Correct, once again
Our grand champion is walloping
His pathetic offspring
Uh, let's see
I'll take when I was your age
For a thousand, Alex
The answer is ten miles
What is, how far I had to walk through the snow
Uphill both ways to get to school
When I was your age, young man?
Yeah, good
But you've shown your father up
And that means you're in the daily trouble
How much do you want to wager?
I'll risk it all, Alex
Yeah, why not, you little snot?
It's not your money
A final Jeopardette answer is
Why?
Time is up
Remember, the answer is why
What's your answer, son?
What is my annoying sister's favorite word?
Sorry, that leaves you
Exactly what you started with
Nothing
Now let's see what the dad wrote
Remember, the answer is
Why?
What is because I said so, Alex?
Correct!
Dad, you're a champion!
Who's next in line
For some of his parental wisdom?
I guess that would be me
It's your nickel
Shoot
I don't seem to be popular at school
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Hold it right there, young lady
Consult your parental handbook
Popular comes under dealing with others
Which is under the subheading of emotions
Which as you well know
Dads have nothing to do with
You're gonna have to ask your mother
Fine, where is she?
Come on, it's just TV
Where do you think a stereotypical TV mother would be?
Wash and dishes
Fish someone with bad hair
And an irritating singing voice
Would invent a scrub brush
That would clean without scratching
Hi, I'm Michael Bolton
And no matter what anyone says
I'm very talented
Today I'd like to tell you about
A revolution in dish washing
Bolton scrub pads
The scrub pad made from locks of my own hair
Well, actually, it was my barber's idea
Here he is now
One day after a wax job
On Michael's filthy hairy back
I picked up a huge hunk of his hair off the floor
It was spongy yet gritty
And my first thought was
This would be harmless to pots and pans
Fabulous, but what about those really tough jobs?
No problem
I've got enough to last a lifetime
Wow, I can see myself
Oh, no, that squash casserole
Mom, could I talk to you about a non-kitchen thing for a minute?
Oh, sure, honey, what's up?
I can tell you what's not up, my popularity
Oh, sweetie, don't worry so much about being popular
All right, you're smart and you get good grades
In the long run, that'll be what's most important
You think so?
I know so
Let me tell you a story
There was this girl in my class
And she was quiet and kind of homely
Nobody liked her
Nobody thought she would ever amount to anything
And do you know who that girl was?
Was that you, Mom?
No way, I was head cheerleader
She was the fat lady who works in the cafeteria
But she's still gross and disgusting
And nobody likes her
Yeah, but she just got her own show on the Fox Network
Oh
You see?
So the thing is, as long as you know who you are
It doesn't matter what anybody else thinks
Oh fudge
Look at that
Waxy yellow buildup
I think I'll go to the arcade for a little while
Welcome to popularity
The greatest game ever
Be the life of the party
Be superior
Be anything, but your real self
Be popular
The week, be popular
Popular
You don't see
Is that what you see?
And she's not back to soul
Inferior
Be popular
Popular
Because you wear
And you look good
So if you are not popular
Popular
And the big orange couch will sneak again
After this
And now get ready for the slime time number
You've been waiting for
When you call
You'll hear my voice
Asking you to use the push buttons on your phone
To answer three questions
First, I'll ask you to enter your area code
And telephone number
And then you'll enter your age
And finally, you'll press one if you're a girl
Or two if you're a boy
And the special free
Slime time sweepstakes number is
1-800-325-5600
Just call this number to enter
It's that easy
And if you get a busy signal
Don't let that stop your slime time spirit
Because the phone lines are open
All snick long
I was trying to get more sweet cinnamon
At Kellogg's Cinnamon Minibuns
What's gonna blow?
Just a little more
She's right
They can't hold any more cinnamon or sugar
But I knew they'd blow
Then all of a sudden
The cyclone's huge
Swirling every minibun
With the maximum blast of cinnamon and sugar
Now you can see the blast
Of cinnamon and sugar
In Kellogg's Cinnamon Minibuns
Part of this complete breakfast
Cinnamon's sweet to the max, CB
They said it couldn't be done
I love video scavenger heads
Let's roll
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group
Group headstand
Got it
Twins?
I always see twins
And McDonald's
Bigfoot Spotted Dog
Hey, a rock group
Works for me
They convert them
I always see red convert them
McDonald's
Hey, we're doing great
We're doing great
Look, twins
Not anymore
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's
But why don't you say something?
We now return to Roundhouse & Snick
Only on Nick
Take your seats
The bell's rung
There'll be no more dancing
Thank you
This is just a reminder
To all you club presidents
The combined average grade
Of all your members
Must be at least a C
Plus if you're to be allowed
To continue your clubs
Popular girl club
You're on the borderline
Athletic club
You're on a
From this roll
Thank you
Yeah!
I'm gonna do it
Major
Yo!
Roberta
Robin
Whatever
You have potential
College
You can be like Philly
Popular
Me, really?
With us as your friends
For sure
You want me as a friend?
Affirmative
We feel way close to you
Rhonda
Robin
Whatever
Party and this is my friend
Walnut
Would you like to join him
On his rural travels?
You can
All you have to do is
Find him
If you can find him at all
A costume party
Where everyone's
Wearing the same outfit
Where's Walnut?
Be careful
This one's tricky
Walnut's look-alike friend
Is at the party too
Do you see Walnut's friend?
Do you see Peanut?
I got this new video game
On sale at Hallmark
Really cool
Is it gaping moon?
No
Painful instep?
Thumbs of agony?
Nope, none of those
Shrieking house cats?
Nope, actually it's called
Yard
That's right, yard
The video game that
Realistically simulates
You sitting in your yard
And playing with stuff outside
Dude
This game sucks
16-bit microchips
Yeah, this seriously megabytes
I'm going over to
Savannah's house to play
Lugies of Fury
By yard today
Also look for a curb
The game where you
Sit on the curb
And throw rocks in the street
Hey Robin
I got this new video game
You wanna play?
Not now Mikey
I got four book reports to do
Suit yourself
Hey Jimmy
Wait up
I'm coming to play
In the real yard
Do you know me?
Chances are
You live right next door
To me
Fooligan's no better
Than to be playing out here
Where you could
Damage my house
I hope you know
I'm keeping this
But lady your house
Has made a brick
Exactly
Which is why I could cave in
If struck by this ball
Of foam
I wonder what she does
With all that stuff
She takes with us anyway
Come on down to
Neighbor-Lady Sporting Goods
Where we have a huge
Selection of stuff
That used to belong to you
Just look at this
High quality pre-owned frisbee
Hey I lost this last summer
You said it was a
Sharp dangerous projectile
And I couldn't have it back
Well now you can
Alright
For four dollars
What a rip off
Don't think of it as a rip off
Think of it as a ransom
That's Neighbor-Lady
Sporting Goods
Shop here
Or never see your stuff again
You guys are
I am going to
Cream you guys
In Monopoly tonight
Oh sorry dad
I can't have something
To do with my new friends
But wait Thursday's
Always been family night
I'm sorry dad
I can't
It's family night
Someone gets out
The Monopoly set
Why is it the dumbest one
In the family
Always has to say
Boy if this was real
Money
We'd all be millionaires
Rota
Robin
You can do the
Buttersports
Right over there
Don't you have art
Sorry
Work it up
Work it on
Now
Work it through
Work it down
Work it on
And the big orange
Couch will
Snick again
After this
Just a few more
Satisfied viewers
Of
Are You Afraid
Of The Dark
Tonight
At 9.30
8.30 Central
On Snick
I can't get enough of that
Golden Crisp
Shuddle bears after my
Golden Crisp cereal
Oh no you don't
Shuddle bears
After a little spin
Ran
Golden Crisp
Nothing comes between
My tummy
And the honey
We ate a Golden Crisp
It's part of a complete breakfast
Free
A set of 30
Baseball player cards
Home run hitters
Hot rookies
It's a home run offer
Free from Golden Crisp
For any post cereal
Proves to purchase postage
And handling
Scramble is the hot new game
Playing ball won't be the same
Your color comes up
You hit someone
If it doesn't
You gotta run
Scramble
Hit someone
Get a wristband
If they dodge or catch the ball
Give them one of yours
First with six bands
Win
Scramble is the hot new game
Playing ball won't be the same
Scramble
There's a hundred
You're hot
The sun is intense
You need something to take the heat off
So you go for a refreshing
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Rich creamy ice cream
With all the great taste of Snickers
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Nick Mania is
Welcome Freshman Mania
More Merve Man
More Lip Man
More Cushman
Watch Nick Mania
Tomorrow on Nick
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick
Only on Nick
Four computers that beat you at chess
All right, one better luck next time
Now there's Shane Boyd
The computer that not only beats you
But rubs it in as well
Checkmate, fish face
See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya
Is that it?
My blind toothless dog
Can do better than that
You call that a move?
My uncle with the wooden legs
Faster than you
Shane Boyd has three levels
Of trash talking
Irritation
Your mama
Humiliation
Your mama's ugly
And complete character devastation
Somebody was telling me
Your mother's uglier than sin
And sin sued
Hey, take it easy, man
She looks like a million bucks
Green and crumpled
So if you want a Shane Boyd
Bring your bony butt down here
And get one
Unless you want your mama to do it for you
Oh, I forgot she's too busy being ugly
If you build it
He will come
And make rye observations about it
Jerry Seinfeld
Starring in Seinfeld of Dreams
If the big leagues play on a diamond
Do the minors play on a cubic zirconian?
Look
Rita fell asleep
Doing her butt off to magnitude
Who cares?
She got ours done
Sweet dreams
We're your dream sequence
Go back to sleep
Now you're getting to be popular
You dubbed your nerdy friend
Ten thousand points
You get an F in English
One house
That's right, Mrs. Davis said
You didn't do your book report
Oh, well, who cares?
I want popular
Chap generation
Nothing fits if I'm fat
So be it
Leather skirt looks great
If I purge
So charge it to my dad
Moles fits face after plastic surgery
And the simple salad I order
Dressing on the side
Reminds me of someone I once knew
Who cleaned our house
And didn't have a green card
Chap denim
Nothing fits
For every generation
Here's the chap
Who's the nerdy trying to join in?
It's me, Robin
Rhoda
Roberta
Oh, Rowena
You're still here?
You were supposed to bring up
Our grade point average
Too bad about English
Major
Monkage
You'll have to go back
To being a total loser
Did you all face
Never fails
The one person who's just learned
Something important about playing games
Always says
Reprise the theme song
And roll the credits
Whenever my life gets me so
Leather music and the fun never ends
As I can find a friend
Starting tomorrow morning
You can hit the roundhouse
Every Sunday morning
Right after the Ren and Stimpy show
Come on, everybody
Let's have a ho-down
Tomorrow morning at the roundhouse
Now stay tuned for
Are you afraid of the dark
And don't forget
You still have about a half hour
To call in
For your chance to play
Nickelodeon's slime time sweepstakes
Now stay tuned for
The Ren and Stimpy show
Next on Nick
No need to browse
You may now put the remote control down
Snicking requires no clicking
Think of all the mature
Responsible things you could be doing
Helping old ladies cross the street
Hanging with your folks
Or cleaning your room
But get real
You'd rather be playing video games
You can rent them from Blockbuster
They've got more video games for Ren
Than anyone in the world
And now every Blockbuster's getting
Tons of the coolest new video games
And you can play for three whole evenings
So dudes, why not get your games from Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
Here at Jurassic Park
There's a world beyond your wildest dreams
For your worst fears
Jurassic Park
Where the giant dinosaurs live again
The monstrous triceratops
Electronics screeching raptors
And the giant stopping roaring
Tyrannosaurus Rex
But something's gone horribly wrong
The dinosaurs are loose
Now it's a battle for survival
Dino damage
And it's happening
But only at Jurassic Park
Dino damage
Stay tuned to SNICK
And stay near the phone
Because we're about to show you
This special slime time sweepstakes number
That's right
The only way to enter is only minutes away
And it's only on SNICK
Where to start?
Ren
One for me
And he is one
For you too
Wow
Another one for me
Another one for you
Me
One for you
You
Me
I sure love reading fan mail, Ren
Don't you?
Yeah, it's great
Hate for you
Everybody loves you
People always love the stupid one
But nobody ever loves the jerk
Everybody hates me
Now when
Nobody
Hates you
Oh come on
Let's face the truth
You've been garing me
I know
I know that
It's you they love
But I need love too
I just want to be loved
And important like you
Is that so wrong?
I know how you can be important, Ren
Yeah, sure
I know how you can be really important
Really important?
How?
You can be
The president
Of my fan club
The president?
Wow
President
You don't agree with me
Oh Mr. President
Ready for your first day in office?
Oh yeah
Okay then
All you do is answer the fan mail in that pile
And then you put it right in here
Okay
You're talking to the president, man
Yes sir
Carry on then
Dearest Dippy
My name is Sammy
I am eight years old
And in the third grade
Oh that's cute
I like you on TV
You're my favorite TV puppet
I know all the words to your show
I want to be just like you when I grow up
From Sam
Dear Sam
Thank you for the letter
I'm sure that if you watch my show enough
You will turn out just like me
Yeah, brain down
Your pal, Stimpy
You're Stimpy
I love you
You are funny
You are the funniest in the whole world
And you're the nicest too
You are nice to everybody
Even that ugly thing who yells at you
A mosquito
Your biggest fan, Cindy
Oh you're asking for it
Dear Cindy
There's no such thing as me
I'm just a cartoon
You idiot
I bet you even believe
In the tooth beaver
Love Stimpy
This job's easy
Dear Stimpy
I have a secret
I know I can tell you
Because you are nice
And would not tell anybody
I'm afraid to tell my friends
Because they'll laugh
Oh
I know you would never laugh at me
So
Here's my secret
Every night
I went to bed
I can't help it
Please tell me what to do
Your friend Johnny
Dear Johnny
You make me sick
You probably wet the bed on purpose
I have written letters
To everybody at your school
Warning them never to sleep over with you
Your friend
Quetting the bed is nothing to be ashamed of
Lots of kids do it
You and I still do it
You're right Stimpy
Little Johnny needed help
And I laughed at it
I don't deserve to live
Here pal
Cut me
Come on man
It's all a favor
Oh Ren
There'll be no letting of blood today
I think you've learned your lesson
You're right Stimpy
I promise
To be more kind and compassionate
In my duties as president
Good for you Ren
Dear Stimpy
I have a boyfriend but he is always mean to me
My only friends are you and my TV
And I know you would never be mean to me
You are the kindest, most lovingest guy in the whole world
Why can't boys be more like you?
I love you
Deborah
Dear Deborah
Your problem is clear to me
The reason your boyfriend is mean to you
Is probably because you're too stupid
But don't worry
Maybe someday you'll be as stupid as I am
And then everyone will love you as much as they do me
Your stupid friend
Stimpy
How's it going Ren?
Buddy
You'd be proud of your president
Dear Stimpy
You are the funniest
I love you
Lovingest guy
You're the smartest
Biggest
What is he?
Dear Stimpy
A mosquito
I love you
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages
There is a shade of these three
Bless Kellogg's candle Christmas
Averton the milk chocolatey
With every bite so chocolate
I love the taste of milk max
It's a great taste
Which is why for the pleasure of a tall tasty glass
I do almost anything
For the smooth cool goodness of milk
I fly to the farthest galaxy
For the cold refreshing taste of milk
I crawl through the burning wasteland
For one satisfying yummy gulp of milk
I'd stretch myself to the limits
I do homework max
Wow, milk
It tastes so good
There's a hunger inside
You're hot
The sun is intense
You need something to take the heat off
So you go for a refreshing Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Rich creamy ice cream
With all the great taste of Snickers
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Finally, you'll press one if you're a girl
Or two if you're a boy
And the special free Slime Time Sweepstakes number is
1-800-325-5600
Just call this number to enter
It's that easy
And if you get a busy signal
Don't let that stop your Slime Time spirit
Because the phone lines are open
All Snick Law
Australia to Los Angeles
Yugoslavia to Yellowstone Park
Activists, musicians, football players
Best friends, even bug eaters
Every Sunday Linda Ellerby brings you
Issues, events and people
Knick News W5
It's tuned into your world and your news
Every Sunday at 8-7 Central on the network
That's tuned into kids
Nickelodeon
And now, back to the glow
Of the Rennan Stimpy Show
The control of your TV set
Is your mother there?
No?
Good, welcome to our secret headquarters
Deep inside the lower intestine of a sperm whale
Oh God!
God!
I can't stand it!
Make the pain stop!
Well Stimpy, it's time to induct
Another member into the fan club
Does this subject qualify?
Well, here's her vital statistics
Her name is Susan Fout
She's 15, human from Pennsylvania
And...
Shut up, you fool!
Did she bring the money?
$2 million in small change
She qualifies
And now Susan Fout, as proof of your loyalty
Kindly recite the oath of servitude
I, Susan Fout, human
Promise to watch the Rennan Stimpy Show
Over and over again until my eyeballs implode
Even if it goes into ten years of rerun
And?
I promise to memorize whole episodes
And recite the line shamelessly
In unwelcome situations
And and?
I promise to wear
Unwashed leaderhosen
Every single day
Of all the rest of my life
That's it!
You're in our secret club
And step this way to the honored seat
For new club members
Remember, reveal what you've seen here
And we'll tear your tonsils out
Okay, kids
It's back to our secret cartoon
Answering this
Stupid letters
Oh, come on!
Resident
What a joke
Resident what?
And club
How they love him
Look at him
Lying there asleep
The idol of millions
Blind, silly little foe
How easily I could end a farce
With these hands
These dirty hands
And with these hands
I hope fate a million
They think he's a god
But he's as mortal as we
I know just one quick twist
And it's over
Just one
Stupid fan mail
I'll fix them
I'll take care of this letter business
Once and for all
Oh, man
Got some mail here
Hello, Mr. Cat
You're looking healthy this morning
Shut up!
I don't want any more of your filthy letters
Your services are not welcome here
And tell those pesky kids
To stop writing me
Steams and Jay Cat
Whatever you say
Actually, I only have one letter today
And it's for Mr. Hawk
I guess I'll just throw this one out
Give me that!
Is that it for me?
Nothing for Simpy?
No, no, no
Mr. Rand-Hawk
What it says?
Good morning, Rand
You?
When you're fan mail
Mr. Fan Club
Everybody loves you, don't they?
Well, guess what the mailman brought you today?
Nothing!
This letter's for me!
See?
Two, they have forgotten
Now it's me they love
It is I that I most loved
I who shall rule
Is it approved?
Yes
Dear Rand
It's me, it's me
You are my favorite TV star
Nobody
Nobody is as funny
Or as smart as you
You see?
Are you getting this?
I am the best
You may learn something
I wish
I could be just like you
How about that?
A man was my ambition
You are my favorite person
In the whole wide world
He says love
Your pal
Simpy
I wish
I meant every word
There, there, there, there
Look at me
Big mean Rand
Crying like a baby
Pretty, pathetic
Oh for sure
No one will ever know
You just cry your little eyes out
Night has arrived
Saturday night belongs to Snick
Stay tuned
Out on the road
This is the number to remember
1-800-Collect
America's least expensive way
To call someone collect
Think of all the mature, responsible things
You could be doing
Helping old ladies cross the street
Probably maintaining your yard
Cleaning your room
But get real
You'd rather be playing video games
You can rent them from Blockbuster
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo
Super Nintendo
And Sega Genesis games for rent
Than anyone in the world
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
Everybody's having fun
Night!
It's Wacky Water Wackers
Fill it
Smack it
But don't crack it
It's Wacky Water Fun
For everyone
Smack it
But don't crack it
Wacky Water Wackers comes with everything you see here
For the buddy out
How's the story?
What is the story?
Domino's is going wacky
I don't know
It's gonna get cool right
What's every medium-large Domino's Pizza Order?
Try buying a medium-large
Yes, and get free Kool-Aid
30 points in an order form for free stuff
Say what?
A free two quart pack of Kool-Aid sugar sweetened drink
Makes 30 Kool-Aid points in a fun wacky warehouse order form
With any medium-large Domino's Pizza Order
Order in the car
I'll have the yummy pepperoni delivered in 30 minutes
Wow, that's something for nothing?
Pizza cost something
The rest is nothing
Now that's something
Cooler than a shag haircut
Easier to wear than poultry
More comfortable than a kick in the head
They're Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer
Cool removable body art in 36 different designs
Free inside specially marked 12 packs
Of great-tasting Bark's Root Beer
The one with pipe
So leave your later hose and home
And make a fashion statement on your arm
On your leg
Or on your head
With Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer
The one with Bark 2's
Make sure to snick
And stay near the phone
Cause we're about to show you
The special slime time sweepstakes number
That's right
The only way to enter is only minutes away
And it's only on snick
If thou wilt
Cut off the heads of thy two children
And be smear me with their blood
I shall receive life again
Be smear me? That's disgusting
Fairy tales?
Weak, Chris
Very weak
Weak? Have you ever read these things?
Not the wimpy versions, the original ones
Ah, no, can't say I have
I have
They're full of stabbings
And demons
And manning animals
And cutting off limbs and whatnot
Cool stuff
My favorites
The one where the old woman
Knaps the prince
And puts blood on the queen's mouth
While she sleeps
To make the king think she ate him
That's so gross
I love it
Hey, I'm not buying you
A kitty story is a kitty story
No matter how you cut it
Oh, man
You're not gonna tell some title
Fairy tale, are you?
Not exactly
The story I'm gonna tell
Is about a girl who loved fairy tales
She had a huge collection
She knew most of them by heart
The trouble was
She spent so much time
Thinking about the world of make-believe
That she started to forget
The difference between reality
And imagination
And when you do that
A fairy tale
Consumed become
A scary tale
Submitted for the approval
Of the Midnight Society
I call this story
A tale of final wish
Go ahead, my dear
Have a taste
Such pretty apple
You must take a bite
For if you don't
I'll have to
Of course, you do
Eat it
Gotta grow up, Jill
Stupid
There's nothing under there
Oh, Jill, not again
I swear, they grabbed me
Honey, it was a dream
No, it wasn't
Get down to bed
And these green, nasty-looking scaly hands
That I'm trying to pull me under
Didn't we have this last week?
You make fun of me
What's going on?
Nothing, Jill had a nightmare
It wasn't a nightmare
There was something under there
Jill, we all have nightmares
You just can't take him so seriously
Go back to bed
Gotcha
It was you?
Come on, don't be such a snitch
I thought you wanted to find something under the bed
You're always looking
Why don't you just grow up?
Me?
You're the one who's still living in a fairyland princess
You're 13 years old
Listen to the radio
Go to a concert or something
Stop being a kid
And maybe you won't be scared of boogeymen under the bed anymore
Sweet dreams
Yes
Jill, don't do this again
Jill was having a rough time
Everyone kept telling her to grow up
And act your age
But she didn't know how to grow up any faster
And she wasn't exactly sure how kids her age were supposed to act
Yuck
I can't wait
Adios
Jill, I am not...
Wait
Why does she always do this?
I don't know, but if she misses the bus again, it's your turn to drive her
But...
Bye
Jill, I am not going to be late for work
Sorry
Why do you do this?
All I ask is that you get up and out on time
Now I'm going to have to drive you to school
And I'm going to be late for work again
I told you I'm sorry
Don't ignore me
You are going to have to learn some responsibility, Miss
Other people live in this house
And we're getting tired of putting up with your childishness
Come on
Jill kind of understood why her family was giving her grief
Her friends weren't helping much either
He's so fine
I'd talk to him, but I'd probably drool or something
Are you guys being kind of obvious?
We're just looking
Yeah, like a couple silly gooses
Silly gooses?
My grandmother says that
Did you see that?
He checked her out
Did he check her out?
No way, he wouldn't check out a geek
Look at this
Grimm's fairy tales
Mother Goose
The Sandman and other tales
What is with her?
Is she like a baby or something?
Talk about us
We saw you flirt with him
I didn't, I had to sharpen my pencil
Yeah, right
He's coming, he's coming
Hey Jill
Hi
You have that reading assignment Kelly gave us yesterday?
I lost it someplace
Sure
This way you supposed to read?
Hey
These are really interesting
Are you reading these?
Yeah, no, I have to do a book report
On what? Humpty dumpty?
Hey Jules, I used to play these when I was a kid
Jill plays with them now
Get out of here really
Hey Jill, you forgot your doll
Jill knew she was being kind of childish
But there was something inside her
That didn't want to give up the world of fairy tales
Because in all those stories, no matter how bad things got
Everyone always lived happily ever after
And the princess always got the prince
I've come to awaken you
Sleeping beauty
Jill, it's me
Why did you do that?
I got this for Halloween and I just wanted to show you
You did not, you wanted to scare me again
No, really, I didn't mean to
Yes, you did, I hate you, I hate all of you
I'm sorry, jeez, don't get so bent out of shape
Get out of here, leave me alone
No sweat, I'm gone
What's so wrong about wanting to live in a world where dreams come true
And you can wish on a star
I wish I could
And I wish everybody would just leave me alone
John, come out, will you?
You are such a slime
If you think that you're gonna scare me again
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned
To your left, you may see a giant stegosaurus
Don't worry, they're safely secured
Look out!
Jurassic Park
Dino Madden
The dinosaurs are on our rampage
And only the JP team is tough enough to stop them
Grant fires his net launcher
L.A. launches her grappling hook
Maldon and the Jungle Explorer stuns him
Naptime
Tim Murphy saves a baby dinosaur
Snag a Sauron
Look out, Nedry
Hungry for action?
It's happening but only at Jurassic Park
Some things in life would be a lot more fun
Three colors are more fun than one
New tricks, yogurt is full of fun
Tricks, yogurt, three colored layers
You can see
Delicious, fruity flavors
Oh boy, yummy
These fruity flavors will lift your lips
New tricks, yogurt is just for kids
For kids
Three colors are more fun than one
I agree, even if new tricks, yogurt is not for me
Are you new from your play?
Jump it up, gander
Splish, splash
Get your feet off the glass
Don't stop the bar, you'll get a blast
Hey, now kids, come gather round
See what you just skipped into town
But the very best thing of all
There's a counter on this ball
So skip it, skip it
New and improved, skip it from Tiger Toys
Nick Mania is welcome freshman Mania
More Merve Man, more Lipman, more Cushman
Watch Nick Mania tomorrow on Nick
Now the sneaking begins again
With are you afraid of the dark?
Excuse me?
Who put sand in your eyes to make you go to sleep?
At your service?
I don't believe any of this
It's a joke
It's, it's just
It's uh, what you wished for
At the first star and said
What's so wrong about wanting to live in a place
Where dreams can be true
Where you can wish upon a star
I wish I could
And I wish everybody
Sound from this way
You're on your own fairy tale
Would you like to see how it comes out?
Are we cheating?
I want to go home
Let me change
Where's my family, did you take them to?
Don't worry, they're here
They won't bother you anymore
Just like you wished
No, I'm going home
You can't, that's reality
You wanted a fairy tale, remember?
No I don't, I want to go home
Careful about what you wished for
What's the matter?
Yeah, no, what?
It was a dream
It was all a dream
Are you screaming, are you okay?
No, she's not, she's a nutcase
See?
No, I'm fine
It was a stupid nightmare
I'm sorry
It's okay honey
Go back to sleep
You know I've been kind of a pain
I think it's time to start giving up
This fairy tale stuff
All right, that's fine honey
Just don't give up on the kid inside
All together, okay?
I'm going to get back to sleep
The end, so
Don't take fairy tales lightly
You never know
Which ones are made up
And which ones are real
Excellent
I just have one question
What? Where's the part about the kids
Getting their heads chopped off
Coming up next
Four of the strangest requests
Nick and Knight has ever received
Strangest requests
Strangest night
On Nick and Knight's very, very requested
Next
Thanks for all those calls
Now get ready because this week
Nickelodeon will call 49 kids at random
To play Slime Time
And who knows, starting next Saturday
On Snick
You may be calling the shots on Slime Time Live
Good luck